The TSWVote plugin has the following commands:
- `/tserverweb` is the command used to setup the server ID and for TServerWeb's back-end to verify that you've installed the plugin. The two different permissions to access this command are `vote.changeid` and `vote.ping` with the latter only having access to displaying the server ID and not actually changing it. You can read more on this [here](https://gitlab.xghozt.com:2345/tsw/TSWVote/-/wikis/Setting-up-the-plugin-using-auto-setup).
- `/tswversioncheck` is the command that displays the current version of the plugin. You may use it to check your plugin's version against the latest available update. The permission to use this command is `vote.checkversion`.
- `/voteclear` is the command that can be used to clear vote-states of specific players, as well as all players. In other words, it can allow players to attempt placing their votes earlier than the plugin would otherwise let them, which could happen if their previous attempt failed. Usage examples: `/voteclear` will clear your own vote-state; `/voteclear all` will clear everyone's vote-states; `/voteclear Alice` will clear the vote-state of the player named `Alice`; `/voteclear 127.0.0.1` will clear the vote-state associated with the `127.0.0.1` IP address. The permission to use this command is `vote.admin`.
- `/tswautosetup` is the command used in the process of setting up the plugin. Read more on that [here](https://gitlab.xghozt.com:2345/tsw/TSWVote/-/wikis/Setting-up-the-plugin-using-auto-setup). The permission to use this command is `vote.autosetup`.

You can find TShock's guide on permissions [here](https://tshock.readme.io/docs/permissions).